**Inspiring Game Scenes Contest – Rules, Terms, and Conditions**

**Entry into this contest constitutes your acceptance of these official Rules, Terms, and Conditions.**

**1. Prize Details, Odds, and Entry Information:** Prizes and descriptions are listed at https://github.com/Akamai-Community/inspiring-game-scenes . Odds of winning are dependent upon the number of entries. Allow four (4) to six (6) weeks after contest ends for receipt of prize. There is no substitution, cash equivalent or transfer of prizes allowed. Akamai reserves the right to substitute prizes of equal or greater value. No other substitution or transfer of prizes permitted. Akamai is responsible only for prize delivery; not responsible for prize utility, quality or otherwise. In order to receive a prize, winner may be required to provide proof of identification or eligibility. For residents of the United States, all federal, state, and local taxes, if any, are the responsibility of the winner. 

**2. Eligibility:** The Build It: Retro Style Game Scene Contest (the “Contest”) is open to residents of the United States, Canada except for the Province of Quebec, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and Australia who are at least 18 years old at the time of entry. Contestants may need to provide proof of age and residency upon request. No purchase is necessary. Entries are limited to individuals only; commercial enterprises and business entities are not eligible. By participating in the Contest, each entrant accepts the terms and conditions stated in these Official Rules, agrees to be bound by the decisions of Akamai and warrants that s/he is eligible to participate in the Contest. Employees, independent contractors, officers, and directors of Akamai, its affiliates, subsidiaries, channel partners and their immediate family members and persons living in the same household, are not eligible to participate in the Contest. CONTEST IS VOID WHERE PROHIBITED OR RESTRICTED BY LAW and is subject to applicable federal, state, provincial/territorial and local laws and regulations. Entries that are submitted in connection with the Contest will only be eligible if such entries do not contain content that is unlawful or otherwise violates Akamai’s [Acceptable Use Policy](https://www.akamai.com/legal/privacy-and-policies/acceptable-use-policy) (e.g., is sexual, homophobic, racist, or otherwise contains inappropriate references) in Akamai’s sole discretion. Entries must not include any other identifiable individual other than the individual participant unless prior express consent is obtained from such individual. 

Entries that may infringe copyrights, trademarks, or other rights of third parties cannot be accepted and should not be submitted. Low Quality spam entries will be disqualified at Akamai’s discretion. Entries must be unique to the submitter and not contain the art of others. 

To enter, follow directions as outlined in the Contest announcement. Failure to follow these Rules, Terms, and Conditions may result in disqualification from the Contest.

**3. Use of Content:** By submitting content to Akamai in connection with the Contest, you automatically represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, and do hereby grant, to Akamai the paid-up, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable, non-exclusive right and license to (a) use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display any such content (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to incorporate all or any portion of it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or later developed as may be reasonably necessary for Akamai’s Contest and (b) use the content, including without limitation, the right and license to make, use, sell, offer for sale, and import any products and/or services which practice or embody, or are configured for use in practicing, all or any portion of the content and the right to practice as may be reasonably necessary for Akamai’s Contest. 

You agree that you have the full and exclusive right and authority to grant the rights granted hereunder and agree that this Consent and Release does not in any way conflict with any existing commitment on your part.

**3. Usage of Personal Information:** **By submitting to content to Akamai in connection with the Contest, you agree that Akamai may contact you at the submitted email address regarding the Contest.** 

**4. Selection of Winner:** Winners will be chosen by Akamai and Zach Soares and notified by email. In the event the winner does not accept the prize within five (5) business days of such notice, the winner is ineligible, or the prize or prize notification is not deliverable, an alternate winner may be contacted. Winners agree to the use of their name, address (by reference only to the state, province, county or region), likeness, and/or prize information by Akamai for promotional purposes in any medium without additional permission or compensation to the extent permitted by law.  Odds of winning depend on number of entries received. Prizes and ARV are outlined in website blog posting. A contest winner is solely responsible for all expenses, costs or fees associated with transportation and acceptance and/or use of the prize not specified herein as being awarded, including without limitation, any and all taxes (if any). Winner is not a recipient of a prize until they have been verified as the Winner by the Akamai. Upon fulfilling prize, Akamai will be deemed to have awarded the prize to the Winner and such Winner assumes full responsibility for the prize. All prize details are at Akamai’s sole discretion.

Entrants acknowledge that transportation, if applicable, is not included in the prize and that any events are beyond the control of the Akamai and are subject to being rescheduled, modified or cancelled. In that event, the Akamai reserves the right to, at its discretion, reschedule the Contest, entry and/or end dates, modify the entry procedures, cancel the Contest, or cancel the awarding of ticket(s). Prize(s) are not redeemable for cash.

**5. Conditions:** Akamai and its respective agents, directors, officers, shareholders, employees, insurers, servants, parents, subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates, predecessors, successors, representatives, advertising, promotion, and fulfillment agencies, and legal advisors (the “Released Entities”), are not responsible for, shall not be liable for, and hereby disclaim, to the fullest extent permitted by law) all liability arising from or relating to the Contest. Akamai reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to suspend, modify or cancel the Contest at any time and for any reason. By participating in the Contest, participants and the winner agree to release, discharge and hold harmless Akamai and its affiliates from any and all losses, damages, rights, claims and actions of any kind arising out of or relating to the Contest, participation in the Contest, the prize, and/or acceptance, possession, use or misuse of the prize, including but not limited to statutory and common law claims for misappropriation or participant’s right of publicity. 

**6.Choice of Law:**  Except where prohibited by law, as a condition of participating in this Contest, contestant agrees that (1) any and all disputes and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Contest, or any prizes awarded, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action lawsuit, and exclusively by final and binding arbitration under the rules of the American Arbitration Association and held at the AAA regional office nearest the contestant; (2) the Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation, enforcement and all proceedings at such arbitration; and (3) judgment upon such arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. Under no circumstances will contestant be permitted to obtain awards for, and contestant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, or any other damages, including attorneys’ fees, other than contestant’s actual out-of-pocket expenses (i.e., costs associated with entering this Contest), and contestant further waives all rights to have damages multiplied or increased. All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of contestants and Sponsor in connection with this Contest, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the substantive laws of the State of Massachusetts, USA without regard to Massachusetts choice of law rules.

 
